# Reverse posted batch/document

***

This feature allows you to reverse or cancel the transactions entered or imported into batches (journals), and or a selected document, which have already been updated (posted) to the ledger.

* [**Reverse posted batch (Journal)**](<batch-posted-reverse-cancel.md>) - This feature allows you to cancel transactions that were processed in batches (journals) which have already been updated (posted) to the ledger. By selecting this option, all the transactions that were previously updated (posted) to the ledger will be cancelled and removed from the transaction file.&nbsp;

The cancelled transactions will be automatically imported to the selected batch (journal). At this point, you have the option to either erase or delete the entire batch (journal). If you wish to keep the cancelled (reversed) batch, you can edit and correct the transactions, balance the batch, print the batch list, and post it to the ledger.

* [**Reverse posted document**](<reverse-cancel-posted-documents.md>) - This feature cancels the documents as well as any transactions that were generated by the documents (such as invoices and credit notes, purchases, and supplier returns) after they were updated (posted) to the ledger. The cancelled (reversed) document can then be accessed as an unposted document, which you can edit in the **Documents** section of the **Default** ribbon and then post (update) to the ledger. If you do not need to update (post) the document to the ledger, you may also choose to delete it using the &nbsp; **Edit → Delete - [Documents**](<delete-documents.md>). option on the **Default** ribbon.

***


***
_Created with the Standard Edition of HelpNDoc: [Easy EBook and documentation generator](<https://www.helpndoc.com>)_
